docs: ebs and efs driver startupTaint note (#5713)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/troubleshooting.md

#### Pods were scheduled due to a race condition in Kubernetes

Due to [this race condition in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/95911), it's possible that the scheduler and the CSINode can race during node registration such that the scheduler assumes that a node can mount more volumes than the node attachments support. There is currently no universal solve for this problem other than enforcing `toplogySpreadConstraints` and `podAntiAffinity` on your workloads that use PVCs such that you attempt to reduce the number of PVCs that schedule to a given node.

> The following is a non-comprehensive list of CSI drivers which support a startupTaint to eliminate this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a known list of CSI drivers which support a startupTaint to eliminate this issue:
```

nit: It sounds like we don't know or we didn't do our work to find out the detail if we say something like "non-comprehensive". I'd go for something like "known" and just accept the fact that this list may expand as other see it and think, "wait, I know of another CSI driver that does this" and they add it

Author: Probably fair, I said non-comprehensive because I am sure other CSI drivers may have this feature and didn't want to lead users to believe that these are the only two drivers that do. I think known is probably a good middle ground.

- [aws-ebs-csi-driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/install.md#configure-node-startup-taint)
- [aws-efs-csi-driver](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-efs-csi-driver/tree/master/docs#configure-node-startup-taint)

> These taints should be configured via `startupTaints` on your `NodePool`. For example, to enable this for EBS, add the following to your `NodePool`:

Reviewer: You need to put a newline here. If you look at how the docs are formatted, they don't have a gap after the bulleted line

#### Pods were scheduled due to a race condition in Kubernetes

Due to [this race condition in Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/95911), it's possible that the scheduler and the CSINode can race during node registration such that the scheduler assumes that a node can mount more volumes than the node attachments support. There is currently no universal solve for this problem other than enforcing `toplogySpreadConstraints` and `podAntiAffinity` on your workloads that use PVCs such that you attempt to reduce the number of PVCs that schedule to a given node.

> However, both the [EBS](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/install.md#configure-node-startup-taint) and [EFS](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-efs-csi-driver/tree/master/docs#configure-node-startup-taint) CSI Driver's support startup taints which will prevent pods from scheduling to the node until the CSI driver is completely ready and limits can be successfully discovered. These taints should be configured via `startupTaints` on your `NodePools`.

Reviewer: Consider adding an example of setting this startupTaint on a NodePool for EBS

> However, both the [EBS](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/install.md#configure-node-startup-taint) and [EFS](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-efs-csi-driver/tree/master/docs#configure-node-startup-taint) CSI Driver's support startup taints which will prevent pods from scheduling to the node until the CSI driver is completely ready and limits can be successfully discovered. These taints should be configured via `startupTaints` on your `NodePools`.

Reviewer: Do we think that we should just make an itemized list here so if there are other CSI drivers that user's want to make reference to here, we can easily add them to the list and reference out the doc?
